fix: prevent `hooks.server` code being imported into client during build (#12195)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/slimy-eyes-pull.md

---
"@sveltejs/kit": patch
---

> fix hooks.server code triggering a client import error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: prevent incorrect error when the `hooks.server` file imports a private environment variable
```
